
                                imapget 0.9

   INSTALLATION
   To install imapget, type the following:

   % cd imapget
   % make
   % su
   # make install

   With luck, you should be set.  Edit imapget/src/Makefile if you
   want to disable SSL support or change where it thinks OpenSSL lives,
   or if you want to change where imapget gets installed.  By default
   it ends up in /usr/local/bin.

   INTRODUCTION
   imapget is an imap mail client. It is not an e-mail program;
   rather, it allows you to retrieve e-mail from an IMAP server and store it on
   your local machine. This is useful for people who want to keep a copy of
   their mail locally,  be  it  so they can perform additional processing (eg.,
   spam filtering) on it that their mail server does not, or because they
   travel and do not always have access to their IMAP server.

   FEATURES 
   Support for the IMAP IDLE extension
          This allows the IMAP server to notify imapget when new messages
          arrive, without imapget having to poll the server. Result: Instant
          mail retrieval instead of a polling interval. Fallback to polling is
          supported.
   Support for all IMAP security features
          imapget supports SSL/TLS encrypted communications, as well as SASL
          DIGEST-MD5 and CRAM-MD5 authentication. By default, it will use the
          strongest security supported by the server. With some servers, this
          means using DIGEST-MD5 over TLS. That's absurdly secure.
   Direct delivery to mboxes and maildirs
          as  well  as support for piping to an external binary like
          procmail, spamassassin, etc.
   Easy configuration
          imapget's configuration file is straightforward ad easy to set up.
          The included template will probably work for most people with a
          little modification.

   AUTHOR 
   The author of imapget is Steven Young, <sdyoung@miranda.org>.

   LICENSE 
   Most of imapget is released under the MIT open source license.  See the file
   'LICENSE' included with this distribution for details.

   Some parts of imapget are public domain, because they were based off public
   domain code. At present, this includes the base64 implementation and the MD5
   code which is based off the public domain MD5 implementation written by
   Colin Plumb.
